Docs: Typical session with debian/patches (#422)
mendersoftware/mender-qa: Documentation/maintaining-debian-packages.md

* If not, launch a Merge Request for the package(s) and ping Lluís, Fabio, or
  Andreas.

### Typical session with patches

A typical session with gbp can look as follows. Lets assume you have the code and
you are in the repo root directory. Furthermore, lets assume that you want to 
change something and rebuild and that you have just cloned (the tree is clean).

1. run:

```bash
gbp pq import
```
It will switch to `patch-queue/debian/sid` branch.

2. do make your changes

3. commit them

4. run:

```bash
gbp pq export
```

It will will export all the patches to `debian/patches` where you can see them.

5. run:

```bash
gbp buildpackage --git-pbuilder --git-pbuilder-options=--source-only-changes -us -uc --git-ignore-new
```

to rebuild.

6. when you want to add more changes, run:

```bash
gbp pq switch
```

> the main idea is to swtich to `patch-queue/debian/sid`, which you can also 
> do with `git checkout patch-queue/debian/sid`. The `gbp pq switch` switches
> back-and forth between `patch-queue/debian/sid` and `debian/sid`.

Reviewer: This is not correct, the name of the branch depend on the package setup: openssl uses `debian/sid` (modern workflow) while mender-client uses `master`.

So better to be abstract:
```suggestion
the main idea is to swtich to `patch-queue/...`, which you can also 
do with `git checkout patch-queue/...`. The `gbp pq switch` switches
back-and forth between `patch-queue/...` and the main git branch.
```

Author: yeah, I should have added "e.g." -- thats what I meant. right. modified.

To start from stratch, use `gbp pq drop`.

> ### Typical session with patches

Reviewer: I think we can now remove previous section `## Working with patches`, as your tutorial is more helpful.

Author: removed.

A typical session with gbp can look as follows. Lets assume you have the code and
you are in the repo root directory. Furthermore, lets assume that you want to 
change something and rebuild and that you have just cloned (the tree is clean).

1. run:

```bash
gbp pq import
```
It will switch to `patch-queue/debian/sid` branch.

2. do make your changes

3. commit them

4. run:

```bash
gbp pq export
```

It will will export all the patches to `debian/patches` where you can see them.

5. run:

```bash
gbp buildpackage --git-pbuilder --git-pbuilder-options=--source-only-changes -us -uc --git-ignore-new
```

to rebuild.

6. when you want to add more changes, run:

```bash

> git checkout patch-queue/debian/sid

Reviewer: To do it the Debian way, this should be `gbp pq switch`.

It would also be nice to document that if you want to start from scratch, you can do `gbp pq drop` and then `gbp pq import`

Author: sure.
